Fixed typos in CONTRIBUTING.md (#10235)
mlflow/mlflow: CONTRIBUTING.md

##### Database Schema Changes

> MLflow's Tracking component supports storing experiments and running data in

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is a typo—the original seems to be saying that both experiment data and run data can be stored in a SQL backend

Reviewer 2: I think @daniellok-db is right. `running data` sounds strange.

> MLflow's Tracking component supports storing experiments and running data in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MLflow's Tracking component supports storing experiment and run data in
```

        in the file; or

    (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other

>         a person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified

Reviewer 2: Is `some other a person` correct?
